1.	Write a blog difference between HTTP1.1 Vs HTTP2


HTTP: HTTP Stands for Hypertext Transfer Protocol and it is the basis for almost all web applications. 
HTTP is the method computers and servers use to request and send information. 
 For example, when someone navigates to guvi.com on their laptop, their web browser sends an HTTP request to the guvi.com servers
  for the content that appears on the page. 
 Then, guvi.com server send HTTP responses with the text, images, and formatting that the browser displays to the user.

HTTP1.1: The first usable version of HTTP was created in 1997. 
Because it went through several stages of development, this first version of HTTP was called HTTP/1.1. 
This version is still in use on the web. HTTP1.1 has been mainly used in the internet since till 1999. 
It was the major work for how web servers and browsers communicate, defining methods for requesting and transmitting data over the 
network.

HTTP 2: In 2015, a new version of HTTP called HTTP/2 was created. HTTP/2 solves several problems that the creators of HTTP/1.1 did not
 anticipate. In particular, HTTP/2 is much faster and more efficient than HTTP/1.1. One of the ways in which HTTP/2 is faster is in how
 it prioritizes content during the loading process.

                            DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HTTP1.1 AND HTTP2
 
 Multilplexing : HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources
 behind it. HTTP2 is able to use a single Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) connection to send multiple streams of data at 
 once so that no one resource blocks any other resource. HTTP2 does this by splitting data into binary-code messages 
 and numbering these messages so that the client knows which stream each binary message belongs to.

 Server push: Typically, a server only serves content to a client device if the client asks for it However, this approach is not
 always practical for modern webpages, which often involve several dozen separate resources that the client must request.
 HTTP2 solves this problem by allowing a server to "push" content to a client before the client asks for it. 
 The server also sends a message letting the client know what pushed content to expect – like if Bob had sent Alice a Table of Contents
of his novel before sending the whole thing.

Header compression: Small files load more quickly than large ones. To speed up web performance, both HTTP1.1 and HTTP2 compress
HTTP messages to make them smaller.HTTP2 uses a more advanced compression method called HPACK that eliminates redundant information 
in HTTP header packets. This eliminates a few bytes from every HTTP packet. Given the volume of HTTP packets involved in loading
even a single webpage, those bytes add up quickly, resulting in faster loading.


CONCLUSION: HTTP/2 represents a significant advancement over its predecessor, addressing many of the performance bottlenecks 
inherent in HTTP/1.1 Its adoption continues to grow as web developers and organizations seek to optimize their web applications 
for speed efficiency, and user experience. As we look to the future, further advancements in web protocols, such as HTTP/3 based
 on QUIC, promise even greater improvements in performance and security.










 
